So what will do once again is remove the layer 3 information on switch 1 and make this into the land
routing device.
Once again this is not something you want to do in the real world.
It's just to show you what's happening in the background.
So remove the IP address from the land one from violent to and from the LAN 11
so show IP interface brief No IP addresses or could frigate's on which one Serat of one won't be able
to ping 10 1 to 4 right.
One cannot ping Rato for acting as a PC.
So let's have a look at Route Fife and configure it and run a five interface if zero slashes zero.
No shut all that out of the interface first.
Ethan it is 0 0 dot 1.
This is creating a sub interface.
If I try and configure an IP address directly on this interface it's going to fail because it needs
to know the ADA 2.1.
Q tagging so encapsulation top one key villain one and this is the native line.
Now I'll be able to put an IP address on that interface subdues do show run
no IP addresses configured on the physical interface and IP addresses configured on this subject to
face some interface one.
Let's create one foot two.
So encapsulation got one key too.
In other words we to IP Address tend to 1 to 2 to 5 4 with the mosque interface Fosset Ethernet 0 0
11 and kept isolation not one key villaine number is 11 IP address tendered one to 11 to 4 for
show run.
So once again no IP address configured on the physical interface something to face one is in villaine
one.
It's a native land interface to these violent to it using Ed..
Q So having to face 11 years in Villani 11 using Ed..
Q These numbers don't have to match up.
It just makes more sense to do that to keep things consistent.
Now let's see if Rato one can ping Rotto for.
Let's check if the traffic actually hits a Rodda 5 de-bug IP.
I see MP Mike should can ping its default gateway
check some obvious stuff.
So show I've been face brief interfaces up so that's good.
And the router thing itself so paying 10 to 1 1 2 2 4 4
be lent to keeping itself Villani 11 can ping itself.
Ken wrote it to ping the default gateway so who's paying for camping wrote for.
So traffic is going from here to here.
Let's see if we can ping its default gateway
Camping's.
Let's do a y shall capture.
See what's going on.
So no traffic arriving on this port and that's probably an issue with this hub.
So what I'll do now is save the conflicts on the devices.
This looks like a genius three problem and that's why sometimes you might want to use physical switches.
So save all the configfs and then I will reboot all stop Jeana's 3 and started again.
And then we can try again and see if it solves our problem.
So I'm going to reboot everything.
And in the next video we'll continue to see if it solved the problem.
OK so after a reboot of one as an example is able to ping Rhonda too.
So that's the device pinging this device.
If we do a capture on that the link to run a five
and do the ping again
3:56 ICMP what you'll notice is the pings received from Rodda one on Villani Levan and the reply goes
back as we learn to.
So once again has Villani Levan and to the reply is going back as we learned to be Lenni 11 reply being
violent to now I had some problems ingenius 3 setting this up so you may run into similar problems.
But the moral of the story is that traffic from the species untagged here it goes across as tagged hits
this router it does into the land routing and changes it to the and to codes is tagged here.
Back to the switch and untagged to PC to.
Typically once again you wouldn't want to do any of this.
You would simply enable in TV land routing on switch one or switch to a separate video I'm going to
show you a more realistic real world of topology and show you how to set up in TV land rotting as well
as HAARP and spending tree optimization.